SRU — COMPLETE VERCEL DEPLOYMENT

WHY THE OLD DEPLOYMENT RETURNED 404
The 3d-X-Sru repository contained an update-only package. There was no
index.html at its root, and the original pages, CSS and data were missing.
This package merges the original website and the 3D update.

FASTEST: DEPLOY DIRECTLY FROM YOUR COMPUTER
1. Extract this ZIP. Open a terminal inside SRU-Vercel-Ready.
   This folder must directly contain index.html, package.json and vercel.json.
2. With Node.js installed, run:
   npx vercel --prod
3. Sign in if asked. Select your Vercel account/team, link to your existing
   3d-x-sru project, and use ./ as the code directory.
   If your existing project's Root Directory is updated-files or another
   subfolder, clear it in Vercel Project Settings before deploying.
   The included configuration controls the build and output directory.

GITHUB AUTOMATIC DEPLOYMENTS
Clone your existing 3d-X-Sru repository locally. Copy the CONTENTS of
SRU-Vercel-Ready into the repository root, merging assets and replacing files.
Do not copy the enclosing SRU-Vercel-Ready folder into the repository.
Do not upload the ZIP itself. The video exceeds GitHub's browser upload limit;
use Git or GitHub Desktop to commit the complete folder.
Run from your clone:
   git add .
   git commit -m "Restore complete website and configure Vercel build"
   git push origin main
In Vercel: select main, Root Directory ./ (repository root), Framework Other.
Redeploy the newest commit if deployment does not start automatically.

CONFIGURATION (ALREADY IN vercel.json)
Build command: node scripts/build.mjs
Output directory: dist
Install command: empty (no dependencies needed to build)
Environment variables: none
The build copies all four HTML pages and every asset to dist.
Clean URLs: /tour, /locator, /chatbot; existing .html links also work on Vercel.

LOCAL CHECK
   npm run build
   python -m http.server 3000 --directory dist
Open http://localhost:3000. For this basic local server use the .html page links.
The campus map retains its original external Leaflet/map-tile dependencies.

This package has not been deployed to your Vercel account by the assistant.
