SRU x SARATHI — 3D HOMEPAGE UPDATE

This package contains only changed/new files. It is not the whole website.
Your GitHub repository has NOT been updated: authenticated push access was unavailable.

APPLY THE UPDATE
1. Download/clone your existing sru-x-sarathi repository.
2. Copy the contents of updated-files/ into that repository root.
   Replace index.html and README.md; merge the assets folder, preserving its existing files.
3. Start a local HTTP server: python -m http.server 3000
   Or use the existing npm install / npm start commands.
4. Open http://localhost:3000 and scroll down the homepage.
5. Commit the changed files and push using your own authenticated GitHub account.
   Your existing hosting deployment can then pick up the update.

Optional Git workflow: instead of copying updated-files, run:
  git switch -c feat/campus-scroll-entrance
  git apply /path/to/campus-entrance.patch
  git add index.html README.md assets
  git commit -m "Add photo-based 3D campus entrance"
  git push -u origin feat/campus-scroll-entrance

Do not apply both the patch and the updated-files copy.
The patch was prepared against original commit cb44ffa.
Local implementation commit: 0bf7605.

INCLUDED
- People-free campus photograph, optimized as WebP.
- Photo-projected 3D depth relief and scroll-driven camera approach.
- Stylized 3D interior transition and reveal of existing homepage content.
- Mobile layout, skip intro, reduced-motion and WebGL/static fallback.
- Local Three.js modules and MIT license; no new API service or build step.
- Desktop and mobile preview screenshots (fallback fonts).

MODEL LIMITATION
The exterior is photo-based 2.5D relief, not a complete accurate model of the
building. The interior is an artistic transition: the reference image shows
only the exterior. Accurate hidden sides/interior need additional photos or a GLB.

VALIDATION
Desktop and mobile Chromium checks passed: scroll stages, reverse to start,
skip and focus transfer, mobile overflow/menu, reduced-motion changes,
WebGL context loss, no-JavaScript fallback, and existing page availability.
No JavaScript exceptions. The pre-existing external Google Fonts stylesheet
was unavailable in the test environment; system fallback fonts were inspected.
